welcome as a result of the protests today
we have as a special guest to
cristina hello to all the crisis the
we have a guest because there is a lack
race so that the end of the
speed citi and we have very good
revisions of millions of
good things at least we have a
power is true in itself that we are
that was looking for the fall is not going to
delay anything and we will look for the podium
but for that we have to do the
deliver something very special I'm going to clicks
so that it closes with a gold clasp and for
that 2014 is the most special year with
the most special helmet we are going to create the
Corsica that you all chose with
the designs that each one put and everything
this in which christina most liked
this is a corsa
is one of the newest helmets but the
newest helmet you have and a quantity
of characteristics that are going to be
very good matrix and I will tell you
ok you have everything we have seen
soon in one of the videos and it is that
you will find motorcycling first
that you developed is special because
you have 15% more field of view that
it means that when you bend
inside the motorcycle and you get into the
dome on the straight you will be looking
you will not have to lift the unit to
that visual field is going to be here and what
second that is very important not
important you're going to see how awesome of
the ventilation of this case and in Bogota
work counts much more and it is the
amount of air that comes in here
reach the helmet to act
this got into a lot of things
what are we going to start doing but now
we just wanted to thank
you for choosing this helmet and
because cristina receives the best of part
of all of you for the design is
beautiful was the one I wanted so many
Thank you for being part of this dream
I love my helmet thank you very much
through your protection